Medical Transportation Analyst (HYBRID)
SAVE

Dice
Anywhere
Apply on LinkedIn
6 days ago
Work from home
Contractor

No degree mentioned
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Responsibilities
•
Manage door-door operational management for Company inter-region transport lanes, ensuring consistent product availability and highest levels of customer experience
•
Lead process improvement projects leveraging PM methodologies like Six Sigma, FPX, etc., to drive reliability and or cost efficiencies for inter-regional transport moves
•
Ability to present performance metrics and project charters/updates to various levels of management
•
Responsible for coordination, track & trace and exception management for segment inter-region transportation lanes
•
Lead/participate in operational vendor management meetings (business reviews, reporting on operational vendor performance) and lead day to day tactical relationship with the vendors
•
Be SME for launches, projects, CIPs, and customer service projects
8 more items
More job highlights
Job description
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, NetSource, Inc., is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Please note that this is a 1 year contract position

3 days on site required

M-F 8:30-5PM

2-4 years of experience

Top 3 non negotiables:

Transportation/Logistics experience

Analytics

Project Management

Key Responsibilities:

Manage door-door operational management for Company inter-region transport lanes, ensuring consistent product availability and highest levels of customer experience.

Lead process improvement projects leveraging PM methodologies like Six Sigma, FPX, etc., to drive reliability and or cost efficiencies for inter-regional transport moves.

Ability to present performance metrics and project charters/updates to various levels of management.

Responsible for coordination, track & trace and exception management for segment inter-region transportation lanes.

Lead/participate in operational vendor management meetings (business reviews, reporting on operational vendor performance) and lead day to day tactical relationship with the vendors.

Be SME for launches, projects, CIPs, and customer service projects

Support tenders led by Sourcing partners.

Support service issues and drive to resolution

As required, partner with distribution Centers and manufacturing facilities to coordinate and manage freight on inter-regional lanes.

Partner with Company Deliver Quality to ensure that transport operations is managed within the appropriate quality framework.

Primary point of contact for sites and logistics providers to communicate issues affecting shipment flows, including but not limited to missing documentation, freight delays, quality events and shipping receiving delays.

Perform ad-hoc operational analytics to drive day-to-day business efficiencies

Lead operational activities to support global bids for various inter-region transport moves; including requirements, baseline validation and lane implementation to pre-established metrics.

Provide support for event management in other geographical regions based on criticality of issues.

Applicants must provide their phone number. Reference job number A3941

Medical Transportation Analyst (HYBRID